Adding citation for ROS 2 (#2501)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/index.rst

This site contains the documentation for ROS 2.
If you are looking for ROS 1 documentation, check out the `ROS wiki <https://wiki.ros.org>`__.

> If you use ROS 2 in your work, please see :ref:`citation` to cite ROS 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use ROS 2 in your work, please see :doc:`Citations <Citations>` to cite ROS 2.
```
